you take your dog for three walks jog to
mars and back with a detour for coffee
and it's still not enough you put on a
head lamp and run to your favorite
grocery store at 1am
finally around halfway there your
smartwatch rewards you with a confetti
shower
you have reached your 10 000 steps daily
goal
turns out that number isn't the product
of many years of research
but of a marketing campaign arranged
before the 1964 tokyo summer olympics a
clock company was selling a pedometer
the name of which
translated into 10 000 steps meter they
probably chose that number
because when you write it in japanese it
looks like a walking person
an average person takes about three
thousand to six thousand steps a day
add thirty minutes of exercise that
equals to an extra three thousand steps
you've almost reached that ten thousand
goal if you can't do it for health for
other reasons
and it happens all the time it could put
you down emotionally
if you're fit enough to do more seeing
the indicator at 10
000 could discourage you from going
further so don't
care about that made up number that much
since everyone is different and has
their own lifestyle
ten thousand steps could be more than
enough for you to stay healthy
and not nearly enough for your best
friend the most recent research from
harvard medical school
has shown that women who walked around 4
500 steps daily
lived longer the more steps they made
the better it was for their health but
it leveled off at around 7 500 steps a
day
health experts recommend adults get at
least 150 minutes of moderate intensity
physical activity per week
like brisk walking or swimming or 75
minutes of vigorous activity
like running or dance cardio class
walking should be part of that activity
but not the only time diversity will be
more beneficial for your health and
walking with no joy trying to get to the
10 000 steps mark
now be sure you don't spend too much
time sitting people who sit 13 hours a
day or longer
get zero benefits from one hour of any
exercise
their overall activity level is just too
low
so if you have a sedentary lifestyle you
need more than 10 000 steps daily to
make up for it somehow
you really don't need 10 hours of sleep
every day
everyone is different and you could need
more or less than that
depending on your individual circadian
rhythm it's your 24 hour internal clock
that can be hours off from someone
else's
seven to nine hours of sleep a day is
the recommended amount
but you should try to get as much as you
need to feel healthy
don't overdo it though the best time to
apply deodorant isn't in the morning
so now they tell me you'd be better off
to put it on clean and dry skin
after an evening shower this way it'll
have enough time to settle in while
you're sleeping
the aluminum compounds in it will clog
your sweat glands
so it won't fade away even when you
shower the next morning
eating eggs won't do your heart any harm
yolks do contain cholesterol
but one egg a day isn't dangerous plus
they
are rich in nutrients like omega-3s that
lower the risk of heart disease
it's the mix of fats from other foods
you eat that you should watch out for
to stay healthy cold weather alone can't
give you a cold
it can even boost your immune system
when temperatures drop you're more
likely to stay indoors where germs
spread easier
plus most people lack sunlight and
vitamin d which helps you stay healthy
pulling one gray hair won't make two or
more hairs grow in its place
every follicle can only grow one hair in
it the hairs around it won't turn white
until their cells stop producing pigment
if you want to get rid of gray hair
carefully use scissors on it plucking
can be too much
trauma for your follicles you don't
really have to eat breakfast to lose
weight if you like it it can help you
beat off hunger and resist unhealthy
snacks throughout the day
and you'll lose weight if you can't
stand eating a big meal in the morning
skip it it won't make you overeat at
lunch or dinner
if you don't cover a toilet seat it
won't make you sick right away
most germs can't survive on its cold
solid surface anyway
it's the bathroom doors and door handles
that you better contact through a paper
towel
cracking your knuckles won't give you
arthritis the creaking cracking and
popping sounds you hear
is a gas bubble that forms between the
bones in the fluid that cushions your
joints
so keep on cracking them as long as you
don't feel any pain
eating six meals a day won't help you
lose weight
it can even make you want to crave more
food and get more calories than you need
if you don't have time to prepare some
healthy snacks or
can't control your portion sizes
sticking to a three meal plan will be
better for you
working out before bedtime doesn't ruin
sleep a moderate intensity training at
least one hour before bed
won't affect your sleep quality or
duration it does
increase your body temperature and heart
rate but those changes are minimal
gentle yoga stretching and steady state
aerobic exercise can even help you fall
asleep faster
and sleep better natural sunlight isn't
a safer alternative to tanning beds
both of them emit uv rays that damage
your skin
and cause its premature aging and more
serious conditions
if you want to look tan and stay safe go
for one of the sunless tanning products
you don't need any diets juices or
treatments to cleanse or detox your body
it's capable of getting rid of harmful
substances on its own
the best way to help it is to take good
care of your liver and kidneys that work
like filters in your system
to do it avoid processed and packaged
foods
limit sugary and fatty foods and drink
plenty of water
make your life brighter and get a bright
side teeth pick your own print just
follow the link below there's nothing
magical about 6 pm
when it comes to weight loss your body
doesn't care what time it is
but it cares what you're eating you're
more likely to snack on junk food that's
crazy full of calories in the evening
don't starve yourself before bed get a
small protein snack or some whole grains
to keep your metabolism going
natural sweeteners aren't any better if
not worse than regular sugar
brown sugar honey maple syrup and agave
nectar have plenty of empty calories
and barely any nutrients in them that's
why you should watch your sugar intake
in any of its forms
carrots won't give you any superpowers
like night vision
you get a good amount of vitamin a from
them it helps the eye convert light into
a signal that goes into your brain
you need to consume vitamin a with fat
so it can work fully
so carrots help maintain eyesight but
they can't improve vision
still you never see rabbits wearing
glasses
canned foods do have nutritional value
they can be a good sub for fresh fruits
and vegetables off
season they're made of peak season
produce that's canned within hours
they normally have no more than one
percent sodium and two percent added
sugars
and it's in within safe amounts even
culinary pros use canned foods when
cooking
your hair can't get too used to a
shampoo you've been using for a while
if it stops giving you the results it
once did it could be the condition of
your hair or your health and hormone
levels that has changed
it also happens when the weather goes
from hot and dry
to cold and damp and vice versa if
you're traveling
you can blame a different quality of
water too
coffee doesn't cause osteoporosis and
can't really stunt anyone's growth
your genes determine how tall you'll
grow
coffee doesn't link to any other scary
medical conditions either
it only temporarily increases your blood
pressure a little
shaving your hair doesn't make it grow
faster or thicker
it makes its tips more blunt when it
grows back
it feels coarser and seems darker or
thicker that's why it becomes more
noticeable
you gain weight after 40 because your
metabolism slows down
your metabolism actually gets slower
even after 30
but that change of rate is minimal
people tend to gain weight
as they grow older because they
generally get less and less active
if you eat healthy food and work out
regularly your hormone balance and
metabolism will be okay
eating sugar doesn't actually cause
diabetes when you're eating carbs
including sugary foods and starches you
digest them into glucose
it's the main energy source insulin
lowers glucose level
and helps it travel into the cells
problems with your immune system or
pancreas cause diabetes
and not sugar the best way to prevent it
is to watch your weight
and avoid too much fatty food
you don't have to clean your ears with
cotton swabs they only push the earwax
deeper and deeper
down the ear canal when it gets too deep
there's no way to get it out of the ear
cotton swabs can also puncture your
eardrums and cause hearing loss
remember you don't need to remove ear
earwax manually because you have a
natural cleaning system in the ear canal
hear that